readme.md, before:

# About Us | J. Stimler

## Description
This project was created for assessment purposes. It showcases the About Us page for J. Stimler

## Technologies
- HTML5
- CSS3 & SCSS
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- Intersection Observer polyfill for checking section visibility in the viewport to handle parallax effects
- Slick Slider for creating sliders
- No CSS framework used for styling

## Time until now
Approximately 13 hours

## Features
- Parallax effect handled with jQuery, adjusting attributes such as border radius and background position based on scroll position
- Use of Intersection Observer polyfill for detecting when sections are in the viewport
- Slider functionality implemented with Slick Slider
- Custom styling using CSS3 and SCSS

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/SisodiyaAakash/stimler.git`
2. Open the project in your preferred code editor
3. Launch the `index.html` file in a web browser

## Usage
- Navigate through different sections of the page using the navigation menu
- Experience the parallax effect on the different sections
- Explore the slider functionality on companies sections

## Contributors
- Aakash Sisodiya (https://github.com/SisodiyaAakash)

Commit message:

Added animation with same or alternate features from reference site

readme.md, after:

# About Us | J. Stimler

## Description
This project was created for assessment purposes. It showcases the About Us page for J. Stimler

## Technologies
- HTML5
- CSS3 & SCSS
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- Intersection Observer polyfill for checking section visibility in the viewport to handle parallax effects
- Slick Slider for creating sliders
- No CSS framework used for styling
- Animation on scroll for animation

## Time until now
Approximately 15 hours

## Features
- Parallax effect handled with jQuery, adjusting attributes such as border radius and background position based on scroll position
- Use of Intersection Observer polyfill for detecting when sections are in the viewport
- Slider functionality implemented with Slick Slider
- Custom styling using CSS3 and SCSS

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/SisodiyaAakash/stimler.git`
2. Open the project in your preferred code editor
3. Launch the `index.html` file in a web browser

## Usage
- Navigate through different sections of the page using the navigation menu
- Experience the parallax effect on the different sections
- Explore the slider functionality on companies sections

## Contributors
- Aakash Sisodiya (https://github.com/SisodiyaAakash)

## Notice
- Hello, I've tried my best point of view to make it similar to the provided reference, however in few elements I've tried but not get the optimum solution, or got solution but not feasible for now, so added alternate solution such as the one by one character color changing animation was a bit complex for this time, so added animation on scroll for few more elements, also modified few things to improve user experience such as header mobile in the reference is not good on toggle open menu if viewport is on the top of the webpage.
- I hope my efforts to make it similar with same or alternate features make me an ideal candidate to complete this round.
